[opening music plays]
[woman vocalizing]
[dramatic music]
[exhales]
Messed it up.
Ideally, I was hoping to be able to go
a little bit farther,
but I guess it wasn't strong enough.
I suppose it's only a matter of time now.
[groans]
[wings flap]
[car engine revving]
[Lily screams]
[clangs]
[Lily grunts]
Damn!
Where the hell did you run off to?
[grunts]
[beeping]
Koku?
What's the matter?
[Koku] I found Keith.
[Lily] Really?
What a relief!
In that case,
I'll leave him for you to handle.
There's a lot happening
on my end right now,
so I'll be by later.
[Koku] No.
Now, please.
[clunking]
[grunts]
Just tell me you saved him.
[Koku] Well…
…he's breathing
but he won't open his eyes.
His body temperature's low, too.
[Lily] You call for an ambulance?
It's on the way.
-[Lily] Then won't it be fine?
-Lily.
[Koku] At this rate,
he might…
[dramatic music]
Hmm.
I understand.
I'll head over there right away.
[Lily] Until then,
give me some specifics.
[doors creaking]
I'm pleased to see that you're safe.
How insolent.
Any trouble?
A few police officials spotted us
before we could leave,
but they're of no concern to us.
That so?
Since it's come to this,
you can now finally carry out
my disposal in secret.
That is correct.
I arranged everything to fit within
my ideal scenario.
Superbly done, Kirisame.
Well, he is my most excellent vassal.
Things are going just as you predicted.
Leave the rest to me,
if you'd be so kind.
Huh?
You finally woke up.
[Keith groans]
[Keith groaning]
[Keith] Huh?
[grunts]
[reporter] His Majesty the king
was missing ever since the attack
which took place several days ago at…
-So that's how things are, huh?
-[Lily] Hmm?
What is with you?
Aren't you gonna freak out?
"Where am I? What happened?"
Isn't that how you should be acting?
[reporter] After the attack,
the suspects fled…
-Is it?
-[Lily] Roger dodger.
-So how do you feel?
-[Keith groans]
[grunting]
Like complete shit.
I bet.
[gasps]
[giggles]
[whimsical music]
Here you go, Keith.
What's this?
I made you a promise.
I said we'd eat together next time.
It's real yummy.
There's no way I can eat this stuff.
I'm a patient, you know.
[Keith] Let's just do tomorrow.
That way--
Eat it right now.
Uh…
[Keith groans]
Well?
Ah, it's yummy.
Isn't it?
[Keith grunting]
You're banned from solo investigations.
[Keith groans]
[exhales]
Oh, boy.
[reporter] We just confirmed
the car carrying His Majesty the king.
Hmm?
We were worried there,
but I'm glad it worked out.
-[It hasn't worked out.
-Huh?
[tense music]
[prince grunts]
Let  me out of here now!
[breathing heavily]
This--this is not what you promised me!
-Promised?
-That's right.
You heard me.
You vowed to eradicate the Reggies
using the power of the Canons
to support my kingdom!
Ah, yes.
That was just a little lie.
[gasps]
We will continue to use the Reggies
as we have.
[grunts]
You still understand nothing.
It's archaic to think you can govern
a nation through madness!
Now is the time for us to reform.
You appear to be the ignorant one here.
Canons and Reggies
are crucial necessities.
[grunts]
Eradicating a valuable resource
for the sake of reform
is the height of childish reasoning,
for even in conflicting entities,
there exists a symbiotic relationship.
[prince grunting]
[king] A true king tolerates both good
and evil elements.
[prince gasping]
So let your heart be at ease
as I accept you as you are.
I'll even spare you.
And in return,
we shall have you atone for the sin
of committing high treason
against His Majesty.
[gasps]
For utilizing Killer B in a weak attempt
to assassinate His Majesty.
Oh, cut the crap.
What part of that is accepting me?
[grunts]
That's right.
If you eliminate me,
the royal family ends.
Are you all right with that?
And just when I thought
you could sink no further.
You can't lay a hand on me.
[prince breathing erratically]
Are you listening to me,
you good-for-nothing traitor?
Hey, come back!
Let me out of here!
[door lock clanks]
It's not true.
The king and Kirisame
are closely working together on this.
From the beginning,
we've both been manipulated.
Okay, what's the plan?
The plan, huh?
There isn't one.
For the time being,
there's nothing we can do.
I understand what you're saying,
but there's still a good chance Koku
and the others will be targeted.
I'm worried about them all.
Where is he?
He's laying low till things cool down.
But currently their target isn't Koku.
It's Killer B, right?
[Lily] I said they wouldn't find out
and tried to stop him,
but he's stressed out about a lot
involving this case.
He hasn't changed a bit.
He was framed for the palace raid.
I'll have to hurry and clear him.
[seagulls cawing]
All right,
I read loud and clear.
I'll let everybody know what's going on.
See you.
Won't turn off.
Seems Genie has regained consciousness.
His Majesty the king is also safe,
so everything's been settled, right?
All's well that ends well.
[Eric] Bran.
We are still after Killer B.
Don't let your guard down
until we arrest him.
[Brandon] Sir, yes, sir.
Be as high and mighty as you want,
but you are aware the investigation
has been stalled?
[grunting]
[Mario] With no progress,
it's no wonder we've been put
on other cases.
And is it my imagination
or have weird cases been on the rise?
You know what I mean?
Yes, I do indeed.
The rate of heinous crimes
has risen exponentially.
And rather unnaturally, too.
-Guess there isn't any time to date.
-[stammers]
What?
Save that till you meet someone.
[unsettling music]
-There he is.
-[Eric grunts]
[Brandon] That's him?
[Boris] It's time to move.
Mario, he's headed your way.
[Mario] Confirmed.
We're gonna sandwich him in.
[Brandon] Roger.
[man grunts]
[grunting]
[both panting]
[Brandon] Stop!
There.
East of Brandon's direction.
30 meters ahead.
[man panting]
[both panting]
[Boris panting]
[man panting]
[grunts]
[Mario panting]
[man grunting]
-[groans]
-Huh?
[grunts, cackling]
[stammers]
[cackling]
[both grunting]
[man grunting]
[Brandon grunts]
[cackles]
[gasps]
[shudders]
[man grunting]
[all grunting]
[gasps]
Huh?
[whimpers]
[man screams]
[all grunting]
[all panting]
[all gasping]
[tense music]
The hell happened to the guy?
[Mario grunts]
Hey, isn't that…
[Brandon] Hmm?
[gasps]
[sighs]
Well, here they come swarming in,
just like the nasty bugs they are.
It's true the results are excellent,
I can give you that much.
Tell me this.
Do you happen to know any other way?
You are so tactless.
Hey, is it really okay this way?
Koku.
[reporter] A large symbol of the infamous
Killer B has been reportedly found
at the crime scene.
The police have yet to release
an official statement…
Oh, wow.
[reporter] …but unconfirmed reports state
that the alleged victim
is a man in his 30s or 40s.
He was found with…
Why in the world would
he do something like that?
I wonder if he's getting desperate.
Maybe he couldn't take the pressure
we put on him.
Enough with jokes.
Yeah, yeah.
So what do you think?
[Kazhan] Hmm?
[Yukikaze grunts]
[reporter] We're in an old urban area
on Dante Street.
Judging by the method
and the B symbol left at the crime scene,
the Royal Police have issued a statement
saying that this crime was committed
by none other than Killer B.
Where are you going?
[reporter] An investigation
is currently underway.
I hear him calling to me.
[dramatic music]
[wind howling]
I received the message you left behind.
The one saying,
"I'm right here."
I have something I'd like to say as well.
I finally understand the power in you.
And it would appear Yukikaze's hypothesis
was true.
[Kirisame] No matter how harsh
a situation you faced,
you've always managed to survive.
[dramatic music]
[Kirisame] You weren't supposed to be able
to win against Asagiri.
She's a next generation model who
was made from the foundations
of Jaula Blanca's research.
Her performances outclass us,
after all.
Still, why?
The cells that make up that body of yours
have the ability to instantly adapt
to any environment
and evolve regardless of your will.
Therefor, the data itself
is just a variable.
Measurement has no meaning.
[Kirisame] That's why even if you fought
against a Canon a few levels above you,
you could easily win.
Its adaptation time
is surprisingly fast as well.
And I'm not just talking about combat.
[Kirisame] With that power,
you can do anything.
It's the only peerless power.
No doubt,
you truly are our king.
Koku, with your assistance,
everything is possible.
Come with me.
[Kirisame chuckles]
[sighs]
So words are wasted on you.
[grunts]
It's time for us to go our separate ways.
Let's put it to bed, Kirisame.
[scoffs]
It's a real shame.
You had already decided
from the beginning.
That's right.
[chuckles]
Your answers, Koku, have always been
a great disappointment to me.
[grunts]
[blow lands]
[scoffs]
There's still a great many things
that you remain ignorant to.
[Koku grunts]
[scoffs]
[Koku gasps]
[singing in Japanese]